yo what is up guys and I'm gonna do a
quick finery gdm breakdown um we spot on
this side on top or what itself um
there's quick it's actually quite easy
to the commander gameplay again I know
but what you're going to want to do is
you're going to want to go top wood or
trailer side I wouldn't recommend going
jungle because you guys have the we'll
keep on the side you have a disadvantage
you can also come up here at the guard
tower which is a quite useful spot if
you have flak jacket and a gun that's
going to have lots of ammo in it which I
have both which is cool and I warlord I
would recommend sleight of hand for this
map the reason being is that it's quite
quite close combat and and there's going
to be a lot of needing to reload and
lots of fast-paced action on firing
range one of the reasons when people
like it and I pretty much took the guard
tower route just to get over here now
what I'm doing is I'm cutting through
back jungle because I realized that my
team my party we push the spawn back up
to see domination so I want to try and
sit in firing range so i can get them to
spawn all at sea so when we wipe them
out i can move at a firing range and
they'll spawn back at firing range which
we can start the spell and trap on by
range is quite basic spawns um if you're
sitting where I am there probably starts
calling firing range if you push the
trailer side too much they will be
forced to spawn firing range it's
actually quite basic and that's why I'm
running around a lot because I want to
get the firing range spawn trap just so
I can show you guys how to get because a
lot of people i know i know it's like
probably the most popular spawn trap and
here we go and we got its third i got my
team to push up through the trailer side
and I do pull up a bit here which I
could have stayed back but when you're
running on a full party sometime you get
desperate for kills and what I did is I
accidentally forces fallen to go back a
trailer side so you can start pushing
firing too much they're going to be
forced to spawn at five are at the
trailer side and if you have people on
the trailer side looking
much just going to spawn side in jungle
so we're just going to skip through that
gunship real quick and ice come back and
these guys really like my face but guys
alright there's pretty much a break down
out of heaven or spawn on firing range
salwar it's quite easy guys um if you
guys are sticking up top would or would
like we have big dirty beaver doing
right here I pretty much get him and try
and switch I pretty much trying to get
him to force the jungle sites like get
back to firing range once again but
that's pretty much on breakdown of TDM
on finding thanks for watching guys
please